Forecasting: Principles and Practice
https://otexts.com/fpp2/accuracy.html

R for Data science
https://r4ds.had.co.nz/introduction.html

Introduction to Data Exploration and Analysis with R
https://bookdown.org/mikemahoney218/LectureBook/

Big Data Now 2016 Edition
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/big-data-now-2016-edition.pdf

The Big Data Market
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-big-data-market.pdf

Integrated Analytics
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/integrated-analytics.pdf

Data Infrastructure for Next-Gen Finance
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-infrastructure-for-next-gen-finance.pdf

Advancing Procurement Analytics
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/advancing-procurement-analytics.pdf

The Global Impact of Open Data
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-global-impact-of-open-data.pdf

Data Science for Modern Manufacturing
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-for-modern-manufacturing.pdf

Mapping Big Data
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/mapping-big-data.pdf

Business Models for the Data Economy
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/business-models-for-the-data-economy.pdf

2016 Data Science Salary Survey
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/2016-data-science-salary-survey.pdf

Embedding Analytics in Modern Applications
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/embedding-analytics-in-modern-applications.pdf

Data Science in the Cloud with Microsoft Azure Machine Learning and Python
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-microsoft-azure-ml-python.pdf

Self-Service Analytics
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/self-service-analytics.pdf

Going Pro in Data Science
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/going-pro-in-data-science.pdf

Evaluating Machine Learning Models
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/evaluating-machine-learning-models.pdf

What is Data Science?
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-data-science.pdf

Artificial Intelligence Now
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/artificial-intelligence-now.pdf

Practical Artificial Intelligence in the Cloud
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/practical-artificial-intelligence-in-the-cloud.pdf

The New Artificial Intelligence Market
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-new-artificial-intelligence-market.pdf

AI and Medicine
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/ai-and-medicine.pdf

What is Artificial Intelligence?
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-artificial-intelligence.pdf

The Future of Machine Intelligence
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/future-of-machine-intelligence.pdf

What Are Conversational Bots?
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-are-conversational-bots.pdf

Architecting for Access: Simplifying Analytics on Big Data Infrastructure
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-for-access.pdf

Hadoop and Spark Performance for the Enterprise
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-and-spark-performance-for-the-enterprise.pdf

In Search of Database Nirvana
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/in-search-of-database-nirvana.pdf

Making Sense of Stream Processing
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/stream-processing.pdf

Architecting Data Lakes
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-data-lakes.pdf

Hadoop: What You Need to Know
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-what-you-need-to-know.pdf

Fast Data: Smart and at Scale
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/fast-data-smart-and-at-scale.pdf

Migrating Big Data Analytics into the Cloud
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/migrating-big-data-analytics.pdf
